README.md, before:

# Twilio Voice React Native Reference App

This project consists of a backend server and a React Native app that demonstrate best practices for developing a Twilio Programmable Voice application.

## Features

* Dialpad for making outgoing calls to a phone number
* Active call screen to interact with and control ongoing calls
* Login flow for authenticating and authorizing users

### Planned Features

* App to app calls
* Registration and notifications for incoming calls

![login](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/35968892/227046749-f2d3cc70-cfee-44c6-ae22-9e7a1c71c9fb.png)
![dialer](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/35968892/227047077-b58f33b3-067a-4765-a645-75e1562f6607.png)
![active](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/35968892/227046999-598f765f-3496-4e0d-83de-c7995bd616ce.png)

## Prerequisites

* Understanding of [Twilio Programmable Voice](https://www.twilio.com/docs/voice/sdks).
* A [React Native Development Environment](https://reactnative.dev/docs/0.70/environment-setup).
* An LTS version of [NodeJS](https://nodejs.org/en/) as specified [here](app/.node-version).
* A Node package manager. Examples in this project will use the latest version of [Yarn v1](https://classic.yarnpkg.com/lang/en/).
* An [Auth0 Account](https://auth0.com/signup?place=header&type=button&text=sign%20up)

## Setting Up Auth0 Authentication

The Twilio Voice React Native Reference App implements Auth0 to demonstrate login flow for authenticating and authorizing users. Sign in to your Auth0 account and follow the steps below.

### Auth0 for the app

1. Create a new Auth0 `Native` app from the Auth0 user console, then enter your desired `Name`

2. Navigate to the settings tab of your newly created Auth0 Application. You will now need to fill out the fields labeled `Allowed Callback Urls` and `Allowed Logout Urls`. Depending on your use case enter the iOS format, Android format, or both.

> Allowed Callback Url format iOS

```
org.reactjs.native.example.twiliovoicereactnativereferenceapp.auth0://{YourDomain}/ios/org.reactjs.native.example.twiliovoicereactnativereferenceapp/callback
```

> Allowed Callback Url format Android

```
com.twiliovoicereactnativereferenceapp.auth0://{YourDomain}/android/com.twiliovoicereactnativereferenceapp/callback
```

> Allowed Logout Url format iOS

```
org.reactjs.native.example.twiliovoicereactnativereferenceapp.auth0://{YourDomain}/ios/org.reactjs.native.example.twiliovoicereactnativereferenceapp/callback
```

> Allowed Logout Url format Android

```
com.twiliovoicereactnativereferenceapp.auth0://{YourDomain}/android/com.twiliovoicereactnativereferenceapp/callback
```

### Auth0 for the server

Create a new Auth0 `API` from the Auth0 user console, then enter your desired `Name` and `Identifier`.

## Structure

* A React Native application under:
  ```
  app/
  ```

* A backend server under:
  ```
  server/
  ```

Please see the `README.md` files within each sub-folder for more information about that component.

## Related

* [Twilio Voice React Native](https://github.com/twilio/twilio-voice-react-native)
* [Twilio Voice JS](https://github.com/twilio/twilio-voice.js)
* [Twilio Voice iOS](https://github.com/twilio/voice-quickstart-ios)
* [Twilio Voice Android](https://github.com/twilio/voice-quickstart-android)

## License

See [LICENSE](LICENSE)

Commit message:

[VBLOCKS-1989] Fix flakey incoming call tests (#99)
* fix: incoming call test flakiness

* fix: revert some files to main

* fix: do not use improper circle cache

* docs: readmes on testing

* docs: docstrings and changelog entry

* fix: remove circle caching for ios

* fix: address PR feedback, fix readmes

* docs: add jira ticket number to note

* fix: remove yarn cache

* docs: update changelog entry

README.md, after:

# Twilio Voice React Native Reference App

This project consists of a backend server and a React Native app that demonstrate best practices for developing a Twilio Programmable Voice application.

## Features

* Dialpad for making outgoing calls to a phone number
* Active call screen to interact with and control ongoing calls
* Login flow for authenticating and authorizing users

### Planned Features

* App to app calls
* Registration and notifications for incoming calls

![login](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/35968892/227046749-f2d3cc70-cfee-44c6-ae22-9e7a1c71c9fb.png)
![dialer](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/35968892/227047077-b58f33b3-067a-4765-a645-75e1562f6607.png)
![active](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/35968892/227046999-598f765f-3496-4e0d-83de-c7995bd616ce.png)

## Prerequisites

* Understanding of [Twilio Programmable Voice](https://www.twilio.com/docs/voice/sdks).
* A [React Native Development Environment](https://reactnative.dev/docs/0.70/environment-setup).
* An LTS version of [NodeJS](https://nodejs.org/en/) as specified [here](app/.node-version).
* A Node package manager. Examples in this project will use the latest version of [Yarn v1](https://classic.yarnpkg.com/lang/en/).
* An [Auth0 Account](https://auth0.com/signup?place=header&type=button&text=sign%20up)

## Setting Up Auth0 Authentication

The Twilio Voice React Native Reference App implements Auth0 to demonstrate login flow for authenticating and authorizing users. Sign in to your Auth0 account and follow the steps below.

### Auth0 for the app

1. Create a new Auth0 `Native` app from the Auth0 user console, then enter your desired `Name`

2. Navigate to the settings tab of your newly created Auth0 Application. You will now need to fill out the fields labeled `Allowed Callback Urls` and `Allowed Logout Urls`. Depending on your use case enter the iOS format, Android format, or both.

> Allowed Callback Url format iOS

```
org.reactjs.native.example.twiliovoicereactnativereferenceapp.auth0://{YourDomain}/ios/org.reactjs.native.example.twiliovoicereactnativereferenceapp/callback
```

> Allowed Callback Url format Android

```
com.twiliovoicereactnativereferenceapp.auth0://{YourDomain}/android/com.twiliovoicereactnativereferenceapp/callback
```

> Allowed Logout Url format iOS

```
org.reactjs.native.example.twiliovoicereactnativereferenceapp.auth0://{YourDomain}/ios/org.reactjs.native.example.twiliovoicereactnativereferenceapp/callback
```

> Allowed Logout Url format Android

```
com.twiliovoicereactnativereferenceapp.auth0://{YourDomain}/android/com.twiliovoicereactnativereferenceapp/callback
```

### Auth0 for the server

Create a new Auth0 `API` from the Auth0 user console, then enter your desired `Name` and `Identifier`.

## Structure

* A React Native application under:
  ```
  app/
  ```

* A backend server under:
  ```
  server/
  ```

Please see the `README.md` files within each sub-folder for more information about that component.

## Testing

See [docs/e2e-testing.md](./docs/e2e-testing.md) if you plan to e2e test your fork of this app.

## Related

* [Twilio Voice React Native](https://github.com/twilio/twilio-voice-react-native)
* [Twilio Voice JS](https://github.com/twilio/twilio-voice.js)
* [Twilio Voice iOS](https://github.com/twilio/voice-quickstart-ios)
* [Twilio Voice Android](https://github.com/twilio/voice-quickstart-android)

## License

See [LICENSE](LICENSE)
